feat: support different body schema per content type (#5545)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Validation-and-Serialization.md

fastify.post('/the/url', { schema }, handler)
```

> For `body` schema, it's further possible to differentiate the schema per content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `body` schema, it is further possible to differentiate the schema per content
```

See https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/main/docs/Guides/Style-Guide.md#avoid-using-contractions
